Now, the goal of your next task is to compute
the time-to-collision from camera images alone.
As you will find at the project code,
this task consists of two major steps.
First, you need to find all keypoint matches that belong to each 3D object.
You can do this by simply checking whether
the corresponding keypoints are within the region of interest in the camera image,
and all matches which satisfy this condition could be added to a vector.
But the problem you will find is that there will be outliers
among your matches which you have to cope with, and to eliminate those,
I recommend that you compute the lowest mean of all the Euclidean distances
between keypoint matches and then remove those that are too far away from the mean.
The second step once you have all the keypoint matches within the bounding boxes,
then is to compute the actual TTC estimate,
which you already know how to do from lesson two.
As with Lidar, the concept is pretty similar to what we have already seen before.
So you might want to revisit the respective section,
and use the code sample there as a starting point for this task here.
Once you have your estimate of the time-to-collision,
please also return it to the main function at the end of the method compute TTC camera.
So this next exercise,
after we have successfully computed the time to collision based on latter measurements,
we now want to do the same thing with the camera-based measurements.
In order to get to the right place very quickly,
let's again use the find function here.
Compute TTC.
It's now not Lidar,
but it's going to be camera.
So this actually consists,
as I said before in the walkthrough video,
this consists of two steps.
Task FP.3 and Task FP.4.
The first thing I would want you to do is to
implement cluster keypoint matches with R-O-I.
After this has been done successfully,
then you can concentrate on compute TTC camera.
Both methods are also within the camFusion_Student code.
Let us briefly go there and find the right place.
So cluster keypoint matches with R-O-I takes as an input a bounding box,
then a vector of keypoints in the previous frame,
and a vector of keypoints in the current frame,
as well as a set of keypoint matches.
So the idea here is to cluster
all the keypoint matches which are within this bounding box.
So what we provide to this function,
which will give us an input is,
this very bounding box here and as we are doing this in a loop,
where we are looping over all the bounding boxes in the final project camera main code,
we call this function.
If we have five bounding boxes,
we would call this function five times.
Every time, we would pass along another bounding box.
Based on the bounding box which we pass here respectively,
one after the other, we look in the entire keypoint Cloud whether we have a fit or not.
So we are going to associate the
keypoint matches with this respective bounding box in this step here.
So there is no result vector or result structure which is returned here but instead,
we will augment the bounding box with our findings.
Let's take a look at the data structures,
which are in storage here in this dataStructures.h file.
The bounding box, which you can see here, has various elements.
We have the box ID, we have the region of interest,
we have the class ID,
where we store which kind of vehicle the bounding box is associated with,
vehicle, truck, motorcycle, other things.
We also have confidence measure from the YOLO-based object detection step,
and then we have a vector containing Lidar points,
and we also have a vector containing keypoints,
and these are the ones I'd like you to fill in
this function especially, the keypoint matches.
So keypoint matches are basically the keypoints enclosed by
this bounding box and their respective match partners in the previous frame.
So this is the results structure which should be filled in by calling this wave function.
Well, let's move back to final project camera.
So after executing this function here,
the current bounding box is augmented with a set of
keypoint matches that is enclosed by the respective rectangle,
which is associated with a current vehicle.
Then we can pass on this information to the function compute TTC camera.
Let's move back to camFusion_Student.cpp.
Compute TTC camera, checks as an input.
The keypoints and the previous frame,
the keypoints in the current frame.
The keypoint matches which you've just identified to belong to the current bounding box.
Also, frame rate, an optional visualization image,
as well as the time-to-collision result variable
which you need to fill with your estimate of the TTC.
Also, when computing the camera-based TTC,
please try not to take all the keypoint correspondences but try to be more robust,
because there will be erroneous matches,
and as with Lidar-based TTC computation when I told you
not to take the closest keypoint but instead to look for criteria which
enable you to gauge whether a certain keypoint is actually
a valid measurement or some erroneous point which just popped up out of nowhere,
we have the same thing happening with camera-based correspondences.
So please, do not use all the keypoint matches to compute your estimate of the TTC,
but instead try to be reasonable about it and try to find a smart filter which enables
you to keep only those matches which fits
well to the majority of the matches within a bounding box.